I know that you are coming tomorrow.
I heard that she is leaving soon.
I don’t think that it will rain today.
I believe that he is right.
She told me that she would call later.
I didn’t know that you had a sister.
I’m sure that he will help you.
He said that he couldn’t come.
It’s obvious that she’s upset.
I think that we should leave now.
It seems that they forgot about the meeting.
I hope that everything goes well.
I understand that you are busy.
She mentioned that she was tired.
I realize that I made a mistake.
I wonder that they didn’t tell us sooner.
I know that we can solve this.
I believe that you’re capable of doing it.
He said that he would be here by 6.
I can’t believe that she said hello.
It’s clear that they don’t want to cooperate.
I don’t know that he would be coming.
It’s a shame that we missed the event.
I thought that I left my keys on the desk.
I know that you’re trying your best.
I can’t imagine that she would do something.
I’m afraid that they won’t like the idea.
I was hoping that you would agree.
He told me that I should wait for him.
It’s surprising that she didn’t show up.
I can’t believe that you passed the exam.
I didn’t expect that you would call.
I’m sure that we will find a solution.
I’m sorry that I missed your call.
I didn’t think that it was necessary.
I hope that we can meet soon.
It’s too bad that you couldn’t attend the meeting.
I can tell that she’s worried.
I didn’t know that you were going there.
I’m happy that you enjoyed the concert.
I’m sure that this will work.
I didn't realize that it was so late.
I can’t imagine that it will be easy.
I believe that you’ll do fine in the interview.
It’s strange that he hasn’t replied yet.
I’m glad that you liked the gift.
I was told that we need to leave now.
I think that we need more time.
I was shocked that they didn’t inform us.
I’m worried that we might be late.
I didn’t know that you had a dog.
I’m afraid that I’m not prepared.
I forgot that I had an appointment.
It’s clear that they don’t understand the problem.
I was hoping that you could help me.
It’s interesting that he brought up.
I’m sorry that I didn’t reply sooner.
I’m afraid that we can’t accept this offer.
I’m glad that you’re feeling better.
I thought that he was joking.
I didn’t think that it would be this difficult.
I’m convinced that this is the right approach.
I heard that they’re moving next month.
It’s unfortunate that you couldn’t make it.
I’m certain that they’ll approve the proposal.
I can’t believe that they did this.
I know that you’re busy, but could you help me?
I hope that everything will be alright.
I didn’t think that you’d say this.
It seems that we have a misunderstanding.
I can’t wait until you finish that project.
It’s obvious that you’re upset.
I didn’t know that she felt this way.
I’m sure that this will work out.
I’m afraid that we’re running out of time.
I’m glad that you enjoyed the trip.
It’s clear that they don’t know what they’re doing.
I didn’t expect that we’d win.
It’s a shame that we didn’t meet earlier.
I’m happy that you liked the idea.
I can tell that he’s frustrated.
I didn’t realize that it would be so difficult.
I’m sure that you’ll do great.
It’s surprising that they agreed to the proposal.
I didn’t think that it would be this hard.
I’m glad that we finally made a decision.
I didn’t know that you’d be attending.
I’m confident that this will work out.
I didn’t expect that she would respond this way.
I’m hopeful that everything will go smoothly.
I’m sure that we’ll get it done.
I can’t believe that he finished the task so quickly.
It’s clear that we need to improve our communication.
I’m relieved that the issue was resolved.
I didn’t know that you were interested in here.
I’m happy that we managed to meet.
I think that we can make it work.
I was hoping that they would approve the plan.
I didn’t expect that it would take this long.
I’m confident that we’ll succeed.