The man that I saw was wearing a red shirt.
This is the book that I was talking about.
The house that we bought is huge.
The car that I rented broke down yesterday.
The project that you submitted was impressive.
The team that won the match celebrated late into the night.
I met a woman that lives next door.
The dog that barked was very loud.
The person that helped me was very kind.
This is the place that I told you about.
The chair that she bought is very comfortable.
The film that we watched was amazing.
The person that called you is my friend.
The book that I read last week was fantastic.
The place that we visited was beautiful.
The car that you see parked outside is mine.
The phone that I bought is not working.
The song that she sang was incredible.
The news that he gave me was surprising.
The job that I applied for requires experience.
The restaurant that we went to was excellent.
The person that gave me this advice is my mentor.
The painting that she created is stunning.
The man that I spoke to was very helpful.
The meeting that we had was very productive.
The picture that you took looks great.
The woman that you met is my cousin.
The idea that you proposed is very interesting.
The food that they served was delicious.
The gift that she gave me was very thoughtful.
The movie that we watched last night was funny.
The team that you’re working with is fantastic.
The place that we stayed at was beautiful.
The dress that she wore was stunning.
The phone that I gave you is broken.
The report that he wrote was thorough.
The concert that we attended was sold out.
The street that we live on is very quiet.
The cake that you made was delicious.
The machine that we bought needs maintenance.
The book that I’m reading is very interesting.
The teacher that I spoke to was very nice.
The idea that he came up with is brilliant.
The song that you played was my favorite.
The advice that she gave me was helpful.
The game that we played was exciting.
The tool that I need is on the table.
The hotel that we stayed in was luxurious.
The article that you wrote was published.
The place that I went to was very relaxing.
The shoes that she bought are very stylish.
The restaurant that he recommended was excellent.
The job that she applied for is in marketing.
The person that called me yesterday is my boss.
The website that you sent me is useful.
The class that we took was informative.
The experience that we had was unforgettable.
The movie that he recommended was awesome.
The project that we worked on was challenging.
The office that we rented is very spacious.
The dog that you adopted is very playful.
The book that he wrote is a bestseller.
The house that we built is beautiful.
The artist that I admire is Picasso.
The news that they shared was exciting.
The course that I’m taking is very challenging.
The tool that I borrowed is in the drawer.
The person that I spoke to was very knowledgeable.
The idea that she proposed was innovative.
The conference that we attended was insightful.
The place that we went to last summer was stunning.
The dress that she wore was amazing.
The restaurant that he works at is popular.
The event that we attended was a success.
The gift that she gave me was perfect.
The task that you completed was great.
The conversation that we had was enlightening.
The issue that you raised is important.
The presentation that you made was excellent.
The team that they formed was successful.
The policy that they implemented was effective.
The problem that I solved was difficult.
The challenge that we faced was tough.
The place that we visited was amazing.
The advice that he gave me was sound.
The article that I read was insightful.
The program that you recommended was helpful.
The coach that we hired is experienced.
The party that we went to was fun.
The cake that we ate was delicious.
The phone that she gave me works perfectly.
The homework that you did was thorough.
The photos that we took are beautiful.
The holiday that we spent was unforgettable.
The movie that you watched was interesting.
The interview that you had went well.
The hotel that we stayed at was excellent.
The song that he sang was beautiful.
The restaurant that we tried had amazing food.
The book that you recommended is my favorite.